remembering happier times Muhammad Kia
with his mother
NAA when Israeli forces withdrew from
alifa hospital after a two week Siege he
finally learned her
fate some women had told me that they
saw my mother here asking for help when
I got here I found a body I knew
immediately even before I recognized her
that it was my mother I went closer and
I saw her lying there covered as if she
was sleeping it was as if she was asleep
at home so I said wake up Mom I'm
here Witnesses say the Israeli Army
killed people who were Sheltering at the
hospital one remember seeing naima's
body I was arrested early in the day by
Israeli forces for interrogation they
released me in the evening and on my way
back I saw her body I was only wearing
my underwear and I asked the Israeli
soldier to allow me to go home and put
on my clothes he refused and said do you
want to lose your life like this
woman Nea refused to leave Gaza City
without Muhammad who was covering the
war she was one of thousands who took
Refuge near gaza's biggest Hospital
complex hoping to escape the Relentless
Israeli
attacks how I wished I could see her
when she was looking for me to hug her
and to take her with me away from danger
her face was
unrecognizable people told told me she
was executed by the Israeli military
they should have helped her I was her
only son it was so hard for me to see
her like this now all Muhammad has left
is memories of his mother and questions
about who if anyone will be held
accountable for killing her Freddy AAR
Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer